The system consists of an ATmega328P-A microcontroller, a pushbutton, an LED, a 10k Ohm resistor, and a 330 Ohm Resistor. The LED can be turned on and off with the push button. While the LED is on, the brightness can be adjusted by inputting a, b, c, d, e, and f into the Arduino Serial Monitor for brightness values of 0, 20, 40, 60, 80, and 100% respectively. These inputs function regardless of capitalization. The character '?' can be input into the Arduino Serial Monitor to print the current brightness value.

The system functions by checking the value of a push button connected to a pull-up switch. If the value of the push button is 0V, the LED is turned on and sets the variable ledState to 1. A while function checks for user input on the Arduino Serial Monitor. The LED remains on until the button is pushed, setting ledState to 0, exiting the while statement above. I used the 10k Ohm resistor for the pull-up switch, and the 330 Ohm resistor for the LED.

The primary challenge I faced was being unable to turn the LED off once I turned on the LED and entered the brightness adjustment while() function. I fixed this issue by relocating the while() loop inside of the if statement that checks whether the LED can be turned on. The second that I faced was adding traces to the PCB without the result being disorganized. I fixed this issue by focusing on wiring the ATmega328P-A microcontroller's connections first, followed by the rest of the connections aside from the ground on the front copper layer of the PCB. I used the bottom copper layer for wiring the ground connections.

